sure! thirteen is a number. it comes after twelve and before fourteen.
hi! "imagine" is a verb, and we use it when we think about something in our mind without actually seeing it. for example, "the house was just as she had imagined it."
hi! sure, "wear" is a verb. it means to put something on your body or to be in possession of something. for example, "he was wearing a new suit."
yes, teacher! "mean" is a verb. it means to indicate or suggest something.
sure, "finish" is a verb. it means to complete something. for example, "have you finished your homework yet?"
the word "both" means 'two' or 'each of two'. we use it when we want to talk about two things or people together. for example, "both women were french."
yes, i do! "pretty" is an adjective that means something looks nice or attractive. for example, "a pretty face."
sure! "win" is a verb that means to get something or be successful. for example, "which team won?"
midnight is the time when the clock strikes 12 at night. it's like saying it's the end of the day.
hi! sure! "there" is an adjective used to indicate a place or to show existence of something. for example, "there's a restaurant around the corner."
yes, i do! it means to be brought into existence or to come into being. for example, "i was born in 1976."
sure, "main" is an adjective that means the most important or central thing. for example, "be careful crossing the main road."
hello is a greeting, like saying "hi". we use it when we meet someone or when we want to say we're okay.
sure, a camera is something we use to take pictures. like when i want to capture a moment, i just point the camera and press the button.
hi! sure, "spell" is a verb. it means to write the letters of a word, especially to help someone remember how to write it correctly.
hi! "shop" is a verb, and it means to go to a store to buy things. i can give you an example: "i shop there from time to time."
yes, "hundred" means one hundred. here's an example: "one hundred (of the children) have already been placed with foster families.
sure! a project is like when you work on something for a while, especially in school or at home. for example, a history project.
yes, the word "black" means dark in color. for example, "the black of the night sky."
hi! excited means very happy or enthusiastic. i remember one time at school, my teacher was super excited because we got a field trip!
yes, i do! "thanks" is a word we use when we want to say we appreciate something or someone. it’s like saying "thank you."
yes, 'ok'. it means okay or alright. like in your example, 'shall we go for a walk?' 'ok.'
hi! "first" is an ordinal number. we use it to say something is the beginning or the earliest of a group.
yes, yellow is a color. it's like the color of a banana or a sunny day.
a ball is something round that you can play with, like a golf ball or a tennis ball.
a sandwich is a thing made of bread with different things inside, like ham, tuna, or eggs.
hello! the word "west" is an adjective that describes something that is in the direction of the setting sun, like the west coast or the west side of a city.
hi! a farm is where people grow crops or raise animals. for example, a 200-hectare farm.
hi! sure, "light" as an adjective means bright or clear. it's used to describe something that has a soft or pale color, like "light blue eyes."
yes, teacher! "dress" is a piece of clothing that people wear, especially for special occasions or in certain seasons. like "a long white dress."
hi! "to" is a preposition. we use it in phrases like "i walked to the office."
hi! an idea is a thought or suggestion about something. for example, "it would be a good idea to call before we leave."
hello! grandmother is a woman who is the mother of your father or mother. i always loved going to visit my grandmother.
hi! sure! 'first' is an adverb, and we use it to say something happens before other things. for example, 'i'll finish my work first.''
hi! sunday is a day of the week. it's the first day after saturday.
yes, i do! "lot" is an adverb. it means a lot or many. for example, "i care a lot about you."
a boat is something you can sail or row across water. for example, "a rowing/sailing boat."
sure! "laughter" is when people make sounds to show they find something funny. it's like "to give a laugh."
hi, teacher. "style" is a way of doing something or looking a certain way. for example, "a wide range of musical styles."
yes, a shirt! it’s something you wear on your upper body. like, i can say, “i want to wear a shirt today.”
sure, a story is something that happens to someone, usually in a book or movie. like "a tragic love story."
yes, teacher. summer is when it's hot outside and we go swimming and eat ice cream. like this: "in the summer, we're going away."
hi! the word "popular" means liked or enjoyed by many people. for example, "andalucia is a popular tourist destination."
hi! "minute" is a small amount of time, like when we say "five minutes." and for "minutes to," i can give you an example: "it's four minutes to six."
the word "interesting" means something that captures your attention or makes you curious. we use it to describe things like books, movies, or articles that are exciting or thought-provoking. for example, "the article raises several interesting questions."
hi! sure! "like" is a preposition that we use to compare things or show similarity. we say "she's wearing a dress like mine." does that sound right?
yes, i do! it means to desire or wish for something. for example, "do you want some more tea?"
hi! dance is a verb that means to move your body to music. we say "do you want to dance?" to ask if someone wants to move to music together.
yes, teacher. "before" is a preposition that we use to show something happens earlier in time. for example, "before lunch."
yes, teacher! "good" is an adjective, and we use it to describe things or people. for example, a good book!
